In those eyes, I see the sky, the moon, the sky, the
hope that my feet will be strong and always
soft on every road I walk each day. The sun
in my heart, the rooster's crow in
my heart, I hope for the leaves to rise,
I hope for favorable winds, the rain, the
clouds
drifting across the mountain peaks, the mountains rising with me on the winding road, crossing the hills, I
see you
leaning and smiling
in your round eyes, and
the world follows your
footsteps. The clouds drift across the mountain peaks, the mountains rising with me on the winding road, the flag fluttering over the hills, I see you leaning and smiling in your round eyes, and the world follows your footsteps. [Music] My dear students,
today I and the delegation are going to
visit the land of Buddha. Here I am,
a poor village, where the
children are still very deprived. They struggle to even get
food every day, and
clothes are even harder to come by. I
and the delegation are giving
gifts to the children, giving them clothes,
mooncakes, and other gifts.
Even small things like candy, cookies, and instant noodles are
very precious to you. So, I want to send a
message to you all: no matter how
difficult things are now, you are still much
happier and more prosperous than your younger siblings.
Therefore, you must try your best to
study hard, strive to become good children and
good students, and be good people so that when you
grow up, you will be
proactive in work and know how to share with
those who are still struggling in
Vietnam and
around the world if you
have the opportunity. I wish you all to always be
diligent, study well, and diligently practice Buddhism. You have learned
a little about
karma, so you should strive
to do good deeds, cultivate filial piety, be
respectful and obedient to your
parents, be filial and respectful to your parents, obey your
teachers, be good and study well, do
good deeds, and do beneficial things
as Uncle Ho taught. Young people do
small things, according to their abilities, and also
know how to share and connect with friends.
[Music]
This is a greeting.  The sound of the Indian language is sent
to you, my children,
and the world follows in your footsteps
[music].